How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	Diff reduces the number of lines that have to be looked at, speeds 
	up the process.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a better
programmer in the long term?

    You'd be able to learn from any past mistakes that were made; you'd have 
	access to the progression of the project, be able to see how 
	different pieces of functionality were implemented. It could be 
	used a "toolbox" from which to implement new functionality.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?
    
    Manual Pro: If done correctly, saves easy-to-understand small components;
	Manual Con: If done incorrectly, could have a tangled mess.
	Auto Pro : Ensures not a lot of changed code will be lost.
	Auto Con : More likely than not, too many versions, incomplete 
		   components;

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Different target audiences and source file types maybe ? Code vcs tend to 
	have multiply related files so it makes sense to be able to 'bundle' 
	them together in 1 commit. Other systems are usually only acting on 
	1 file at a time.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
    
    log : A complete history of every change, supplying the date of the 
	change and a comment; 
    diff : Inspects the actual code changes - use above to get the ids 
	of the files you want to diff;

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?
    
    Because it's easy to make changes locally to test things out and be 
	able to 'checkout' versions that don't have the change and/or work. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I just need to get more familiar with it.