What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	It creates an initial "slate" or log for the files and actions that you are going
	to be executing with the files in this directory. You need to do it so that future 
	git operations are set up properly.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value 
do you think it offers?

	The working directory is just that, a place for in-progress code and 'working' 
	out new functionality or fixes for bugs. The files are in constant flux as code 
	changes are made. The staging area can be considered, or used as, a temporary 
	"holding area" for those files that you 'think' you might implement some 
	functionality or fix a bug. If you think you are no longer going to change a 
	file, but still have other files that are part of the same change, move the 
	ones you are done with into the staging area to temporarily "save" them while 
	you continue to work on and modify the other files.
	
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	By using a combination of "git add" and "git diff", you can keep track of 
	which files you want to group into a single commit.
	
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? 
How would branches help?

	[2nd q] The "master" version will never be compromised when working on a branch.
	[1st q] Branches help identify the area[s] you have to search when looking 
		for specific changes, problems, etc - speeds up the investigation process.
	
How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	1] Because they actually look like a tree, it's easy to understand the 
		concept of branches.
	2] It's also easy to see how a 'commit point' will either be "remembered" 
		or "forgotten" depending on whether it is on a named branch or an 
		unnamed commit point.
		
What is the result of merging two branches together? 
Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	1] 1 final "good" branch with the changes from BOTH branches all in 1 place
	2] To easily see where/how the final merged branch was created
	
What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	Automatic PRO : When there are no discrepancies or code overlap, makes the 
			process easy.
	Manual    PRO : Makes sure overlapped code discrepancies are discussed.
	Manual    CON : Extends the process.
	Automatic CON : Assumes everyone is taking a leap of faith that all changes 
			are "good".